
Travel is the movement of people between relatively distant geographical locations for any purpose and any duration, with or without any means of transport. Travel also includes relatively short stays between successive movements. Movements between locations requiring only a few minutes are not considered as travel. As an activity, "travel" also covers all the activities performed during a travel. Travel is a wider concept than a trip. A round trip is a particular type of travel whereby a person moves from his/her usual residence to one or several distant locations and returns. A trip can also be part of a round trip. Travel is most commonly done for recreation or to visit friends and family (generally as part of tourism), for business or for commuting; but may be for numerous other reasons, such as health care, migration, fleeing war, etc. Travel may occur by walking or human-powered mode, or through mechanical vehicles, either as private or public transport. Travel may be local, regional, national (domestic) or international. In some countries, non-local internal travel may require an internal passport, while international travel typically requires a passport and visa.
Wanderlust is a strong desire for or impulse to wander, or, in modern usage, to travel and to explore the world.
Lahdessa Travelling Letters -näyttelyn sisään on rakennettu ja rakentunut erilaisia matkoja, tarinoita ja viestejä. Matkojen merkityksiä ei välttämättä tarvitse pohtia, mutta niin halutessaan katsojalla on mahdollisuus henkilökohtaisiin lisäkokemuksiin.
In Lahti different journeys, stories and messages have been constructed and have been made up inside Travelling Letters exhibition. It is not necessary to think about the meaning of those journeys but there is a chance to extra personal experiences if desired.
Travel 2.0, was used as early as December 2003 on a posting on the Planeta Web 2.0 Discussion Forum and is an offshoot of the Web 2.0 phenomenon. Like many other industries, the online travel industry is currently in transition, adapting to new technologies and trends available on the Internet. Travelers, for their part, are becoming increasingly more interested in finding the opinions and reviews of their fellow travelers in lieu of professional travel advice. This impact is significant given the travel sector's economic influence on the Internet, indeed more money is spent on travel than anything else online. Roughly two-thirds of Americans research and plan travel online and approximately the same amount book online as well. Travel 2.0 is a term that represents the extension and customization of the concept of Web 2.0 into a form that applies to the worlds largest industry: travel and tourism. It defines a transformation of online offerings into a new level of user empowerment and functionality. 
Backpacking is a term that has historically been used to denote a form of low-cost, independent international travel. Terms such as independent travel and/or budget travel are often used interchangeably with backpacking. The factors that traditionally differentiate backpacking from other forms of tourism include but are not limited to the following: use of public transport as a means of travel, preference of youth hostels to traditional hotels, length of the trip vs. conventional vacations, use of a backpack, an interest in meeting the locals as well as seeing the sights.
